Hey everyone, I'm Chris Crow, campus pastor for Crossway Christian Church's Millford campus here in Southern New Hampshire, where our mission is all about practicing the way of Jesus together as we pursue God, build community, and unleash compassion.
I pray that what you hear today will help you experience God more deeply and live more and more like Jesus.
I had some health issues several years ago, actually four years ago now, and my family after the health crisis that I experienced said, you need cardio.
You need to do a lot of cardio.
And so I just want you to know, I got a lot of cardio done during that middle song, Praise the Lord, huh?
I was like, this is my cardio for today.
We're singing that song.
You guys were singing with all of your heart, and all of our singing should be worship.
I've been in certain contexts and traditions where they would refer to worship as singing songs.
It's so much more than that than singing a song.
It's worship.
We exalt Jesus.
We lift high His name.
We are unashamed in our adoration, amen?
That's what we are.
And so if you got a little bit of cardio during that one song, it's all good.
It's all good.
Anyway, there's one thing I want to mention during one of those songs that was just so powerful.
It might have been the same song, actually.
It talked about our enemies being drowned.
Now, you might be thinking, if you're not familiar with Christianity or the church, and you're looking at a lyric that says, my enemies would be drowned, we have to understand that in the correct context.
And so this is not your
Mother-in-law is your enemy and you are wishing that she's drowned or your father-in-law.
Does that make any sense?
I mean, we just need to understand some of the lyrics and if you're a Christian for a long time, you get it.
But if you're not a Christian and you're new, you could read that and go, oh boy, okay, I hope I'm not in any, but he's enemy list because I'll be looking to get drowned here soon.
Anyhow, we're glad that you're here, especially if you don't know Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
And as John was mentioning during communion, it's a wonderful day to believe on his name.
and to become a Christian.
That would require repentance.
That would require you looking at yourself and going, I'm a sinner.
I'm separated from God.
I've fallen far short and I need a savior.
And that's what repentance is.
You'll turn from where you're heading and you'll turn towards Jesus and the cross and accept Him into your life.
Thank you, John, for leading in communion.
Many, many years ago, I went to a Christian concert and it was casting crowns.
Are you familiar with casting crowns at all?
I'd be great.
And so there's a documentary that's done about their life and their journey.
It's very well done.
I'd encourage you to watch their documentary.
And so I'm at the Casting Crowns concert or any concert for that matter.
The band will get to the end of their show and then they walk off stage.
And then what usually happens in most concerts, right?
The crowd will stick around and they'll want more.
And we call that a what?
An encore.
I want to do an encore with you to our series in Psalm 23 experiencing this Psalm.
And so we're going to do an encore.
And we're going to look at three messages together in the next few weeks.
A lot of what I'm going to say is based off of Mark chapter 9, I'm going to give you some principles.
And I feel a little bit pressured.
And we have not been at two services yet.
So this is nothing against the pawn people being with us today.
But when you have something in your heart, and you know that you have to land the plane, because what's going to happen out there between services can get really chaotic.
I feel a little bit of that pressure, and I hope that that pressure does not hinder the work of the Spirit in and through Mark chapter 9 in this message, because I really want us to hear from the Lord.
Do you want to hear from the Lord this morning?
Some of this message will be based on a book Life Without Lack by Dallas Willard, who I've respected for a lot of years.
Of course, our lead pastor Dave Ripper was mentored in many ways by Dallas Willard.
On the back of the book, Life Without Lack, it says Psalm 23, I'm quoting.
It's one of the Bible's most familiar passages.
Yet it makes some of Scripture's most extraordinary claims.
I shall not want.
I will fear no evil.
Are we aware of these claims?
It says, do we believe them so deeply that we are ready to live as if they are true?
Lisa and I went through an incredible valley experience many, many years ago, and it was revolving around adopting some wonderful children, which never happened.
And so people ask us all the time, do you have kids?
Do you have kids?
And I usually respond, we respond.
The church is our kids.
And that's what people say, the church is our kids.
I'm not implying that you're just infants and you're immature.
But I understand what they're trying to say.
And so many years ago, we were going through this process.
It was very, very difficult.
And I went for counseling.
I needed to hear from the Lord, and I turned to a pastor friend of mine, and I went to CM.
He was meeting with somebody else.
I'm in his waiting room, and I looked to a bookshelf.
And the bookshelf, there was a book on it that was, I'm not going to exaggerate this, but it seemed like it was glowing.
Honestly, I mean, it was like, that is the book that I needed to read.
And it was this book, I have the cover here.
It's by Jerry Bridges.
It's called Trust in God.
Are you familiar with Jerry Bridges?
Not too many.
So I would encourage you to get familiar with Jerry Bridges in this particular book.
It definitely helped me to be able to navigate a whole lot.
We're going to be talking about trusting God.
Mark chapter 9, I've titled this section of scripture, sufficient against spiritual attack.
If I were to say to you, are you familiar with spiritual attack?
Would you say what?
Are you familiar with spiritual attack?
It can manifest in many ways.
It will manifest primarily in your mind, primarily in your thoughts.
That's why we need to take every thought
captive to where?
The obedience of Jesus Christ.
And to do that, you go to the Word of God, and then you say, Jesus, I want to live for you.
I want to follow you.
I want to bow before you.
I want to obey your Word.
I don't know about you, but I don't always obey the Word of God.
How about you, Chris?
You the same?
Yeah.
I mean, all of us, right?
Don't at times obey the Word of God.
And so, but we're going to do that.
We're going to do the best that we can at doing that.
Sufficient against spiritual attack, Paul said this, Ephesians 6, 12, where we do not wrestle against what?
Flesh and blood, but against rulers, against the authorities, against cosmic powers, spiritual forces of evil.
That's a hierarchy of demonic activity that we are up against.
Now, it's not your neighbor that's your enemy.
It's not somebody that's given you a hard time that's your enemy.
We've got to look past that.
When Jesus was talking to Peter, Jesus looked through Peter and he saw on the other side of Peter, who?
The devil.
And so we need to understand spiritual warfare and spiritual attack.
Do you trust God?
That's the question.
You know, it's on our money, right?
Have you ever noticed?
I have it on the screen here.
If I don't know if you'll be able to see it, there we go.
See it in God we trust.
In God we trust.
Now, that's a $1 bill.
You can't relive off of $1 bill unless you're three years old.
You got your allowance, right?
And even then they're saying, hey, I need to increase an allowance, right?
Come on.
But mostly, you go, you're looking at this resource called money.
And I'm gonna ask you, do you trust God because it's on the money?
Do you trust God or do you trust money more?
You don't have to answer that out loud.
But I'm just gonna challenge you because I really believe that when you go through the valley of the shadow of death, like Psalm 23 has said,
When all of things are stripped away from you, when you have absolutely nothing, then you're going to realize that you were trusting in money way too much and not enough in God.
Would you agree with that?
I'm just confessing that to you because when our life was stripped down to almost nothing, including our finances, then it was the Lord that we had to trust.
It was not money or any other resource or person for that matter.
Let's look at this text of scripture.
I'm gonna give you a little bit of backstory into Mark chapter nine.
Are you there with me already?
Yeah, this coming off of the transfiguration.
That was an amazing event.
There's only certain people that went up to the mountain with Jesus.
Did you ever wonder about that?
Like why were some asked to go up to the mountain and some weren't?
I really believe that he saw something in Peter, James and John that might not been in the other disciples right away.
Everybody's in process.
Some of you have strong faith.
Some of you don't.
Some of you are walking in the ways of the Lord, a little bit firmer and stronger than others.
But that's okay if you're not there.
You're going to get there.
And those who may think they're there are going to start to fall backwards at times and go, wow, I thought I was there, but I'm really not.
We're all in process.
So the apostles were in process.
You have the transfiguration.
They're up on the mountain.
Jesus's humanity is peeled back.
They see the glory of God.
Jesus comes down off the mountain, very similar to when Moses came down off the mountain.
And the Bible says that Moses was what?
His face was glowing or shining.
When Jesus comes down off the Mount of Transfiguration, there's this commotion going on.
It's religious people debating the disciples.
In fact, they were arguing about some things.
So Jesus looks at them and he asks them a question.
It's like, what are you talking about?
What are you arguing about?
What are you discussing?
It says there that the crowd will read this in a moment.
The crowd looked over at Christ and they were astonished.
Were they astonished that the fact that his face was glowing?
Probably not.
I don't think his face was glowing like Moses's face was glowing.
I think what they were astonished at is here's the teacher.
Here's the one who has touched many lives.
Here's the one that has come.
And now I'm excited and they run to him.
And so this crowd goes to him because they want to get something from him.
They want to be touched by him.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
It's a little bit of the backstory.
I want you to look at the text with me if you would.
Mark chapter nine, verse 14, when they came to the disciples, they saw a great crowd around them and scribes arguing with them.
Scribes, not a great group of guys, not a great group.
Miss treated the Lord a lot, religious people.
Verse 15, immediately all the crowd, when they saw him, were greatly amazed and ran up to him and greeted him and he asked them, what are you arguing about with them and someone from the crowd answered, teacher, I brought my son to you for he has a spirit that makes him mute.
And whenever it seizes him, it throws him down.
And he foams and grinds his teeth and becomes rigid.
So I asked your disciples to cast it out, and they were not able.
And he answered them, oh, faithless generation, how long, excuse me, how long am I to be with you, how long am I to bear with you, bring him to me.
And they brought the boy to him.
And when the spirit saw him, immediately it convulsed the boy.
And he fell on the ground and rolled about foaming at the mouth.
And Jesus asked his father, how long has this been happening to him?
And he said from childhood.
And it has often cast him into the fire and into water to destroy his horrible situation.
And it's been going on for a long time.
But if you can do anything, have compassion on us and what?
And help us.
Help me, Lord.
Help me.
I need help.
And Jesus said to him, if you can, all things are possible for one who does what?
Who believes or who trusts?
Immediately the father of the child cried out and said, I believe, help my unbelief.
And when Jesus saw that a crowd came running together, he rebuked the unclean spirit, saying to you mute and deaf spirit, I command you, come out of him and never enter him again.
And after crying out and convulsing him terribly, here's one last time the enemy is coming against the son, against the father, against anybody.
That's what the enemy will do.
He does not want to leave.
It came out and the boy was like a corpse so that most of them said he is dead.
Verse 27, but Jesus took him by the hand and lifted him up.
Hallelujah.
And he arose.
And when he had entered the house, the disciples asked him privately, why could we not cast it out?
And he said to them, this kind cannot be driven out by anything but what?
But prayer.
That's the text.
That's the text I want to consider with you.
Three truths about trusting God because this is the sufficiency against spiritual tech.
It all comes down to faith.
It all comes back to trust.
If you trust God, and if I trust God, miracles can happen.
That's what he's saying here, that if you believe, not in a small God, but in a big God, and you can have small faith, but if it's in a big God, you're gonna see miracles happen.
See, sometimes you think, I don't have big faith pastor, I don't have big faith.
Well, that doesn't matter.
Do you have a little bit of faith?
That's the point.
because Jesus is saying, you gotta believe in me.
You gotta trust me.
That's the whole point of this story.
It's really not the deliverance of the demon out of the boy.
It's will they trust Christ through who Christ said he was.
The same thing for you and I.
If you're under spiritual tack, it'll always be trust.
So when you're under demonic attack, and I venture to say that you would agree with me, you believe in the demonic world, right?
Have you ever been under demonic attack?
Here's what you do.
Just say, I trust you, Lord.
I trust you, Lord.
I don't understand everything that's going on in my world right now.
It's hard as can be.
I don't know if I'm going to make it another day.
I don't know if I can breathe another breath.
I don't know if my heart will beat another beat.
But I trust you, Lord.
And watch what the enemy will do.
The enemy, and this is what we do when we resist the devil steadfast in the faith.
When you trust God, then you're resisting the enemy.
And he said, the Bible says he'll flee.
Here's number one, trust is an active choice.
Verse 23, trust is an active choice.
Now when you look at scripture, in fact, Mark chapter 1 verse 15, Jesus said, believe the gospel, believe, believe, put your faith in, put your trust in the gospel.
Mark chapter 1 and verse 15.
Psalm 27, 13 and 14, I believe I have it up on the screen.
If we could pull that up, that'd be great.
The Bible says, I believe, notice it, I believe that I shall look upon the goodness of the Lord and the land of the living.
Some of you don't believe that there is a land of the living that's coming for you, but you got to do what?
You've got to what?
Believe, trust, believe, trust.
This is how it's done.
Wait for the Lord, not easy to do, right?
Lord, you're late.
Lord, what's going on?
Lord, don't you see?
Don't you really care for me?
Wait for the Lord.
Be strong.
Let your heart take courage.
Wait for the Lord.
wait for the Lord.
There's a very famous hymn.
You're probably well aware of it.
I have decided to follow Jesus.
Are you familiar with that?
That goes back about 150 years ago, not saying this is a man from India.
This is a very hostile environment back in those days, even today in some ways, because of the culture and some of the belief systems that are out there.
but Noxang believed on Jesus Christ and his whole family did too.
He had two sons.
Well, Noxang's chief of the village came against him, brought amazing persecution against Noxang and said that you need to renounce Jesus Christ.
You need to turn on Jesus Christ.
Here's to some of the lyrics I have decided to follow Jesus.
Do you know when he said that?
He said that after his two sons were shot to death by arrows.
And then the chief came over and said to Noxie, are you going to reject Jesus Christ?
Are you going to turn on him?
Are you not going to trust him?
And of course, Noxie would then say something less.
Though no one go with me, still I will follow and his wife was shot with arrows.
I have decided to follow Jesus.
Active choice.
Well, the chief was incredibly, incredibly hostile at that point and mad.
and said to him, noxing, are you going to reject Jesus Christ?
The noxing said this, the cross before me, the world behind me.
And then he was shot with arrows.
That's so penetrated in the heart and mind of the chief that the chief believed on Jesus Christ himself.
It's an active choice.
Trusting God is an active choice.
In the text, notice it says, and Jesus said to him, if you can, notice that, if you can.
That's an exclamation point.
Is Jesus responding to the man's, if you can do anything, have compassion on us?
Now some interpreters would say, if you can, and they're looking at Jesus going like, yeah, really?
Like with an attitude?
I don't think that's the case.
I don't think Jesus said, don't you know who I am?
If you can, like an attitude.
I don't think that's the Lord.
I can't see that.
But I do think that Jesus is turning it on him.
And he's saying, if I can, Jesus knows he will.
He knows that.
But he's asking the man, the father, if you can believe, if you can believe, you will see a miracle today, if you can believe.
It's a wonderful text.
wonderful exchange between the two.
And I'm going to ask for those who might not know Jesus.
It's the same message to you.
A miracle can happen to your soul today.
If you can, believe, if you can.
Well, it says in the text immediately, the father cried out, I believe there's a verbal, out loud, active choice.
I believe
In other words, he's choosing to trust Jesus.
This is where sufficiency for the attack happens.
It's choosing to trust.
Years and years ago, Lisa and I were under serious spiritual attack.
And the Lord just said, you know what, you gotta get to that place where you're gonna make an active choice to choose to trust me.
And we did that.
I said, Lisa, here's what we're gonna do.
And I remember where we were standing.
We were in our bedroom, the enemy came in like a flood.
All kinds of stuff was happening surrounding us in the supernatural.
And I said, okay, Lisa, on the count of three, we're gonna do this.
We're gonna make an active choice to trust God with this.
And we said, okay, you ready?
Yeah, let's do it.
I choose to trust you.
And in that moment, the enemy flee out of the room.
You can feel the peace of God come into the room.
And at that point, perfect timing, friend from the East Coast, who is ours, right?
Ahead of us.
or behind us, how's that work, right?
Whatever it was.
It was late for them, earlier for us.
And they said, we just sensed that we needed to call you and to encourage you.
Perfect.
Choose to trust.
It's an active choice.
Number two, trust is an admission of cynicism, verse 24.
It's an admission of sinness.
Let me just explain this because it's important.
If you're cynical, you distrust.
Do you think the father, in all of those years, because the boy was just a child,
Ever since childhood, he said to Jesus that the boy was being afflicted by this demon.
Do you think that the father ever got to the place of cynicism, doubting?
Is it ever going to change?
Am I going to have hope?
Who do I turn to?
I turn to a lot of people for help and nobody can help us.
There's got to be an admission of cynicism.
This is a wonderful, wonderful thing here.
Don't miss this principle that God is going to give to us in this second point.
Jesus, or the man said, from childhood, implying that he was just a young, young boy, and he's an older, young man right now.
I think about families who have children.
You'll see an image on the screen, and I don't mean this to be over heavy for people, but I just want it to be realistic.
There are parents that have to walk a journey with their children in the area of cancer, the Dana-Farber and American Cancer Society,
and all of those.
And so these parents are walking a journey that's very hard.
And maybe there's somebody in here that has walked that or knows somebody that has walked that journey.
And so it's similar to that.
This man had a son that was afflicted.
And he was afflicted since he was very young.
And through those years of his son getting older and it just happened over and over and over again, I'm sure the man probably got to the place where he's thinking, I don't know if it's ever going to change.
But I heard about a man.
I heard about a man.
And his name is Jesus.
And I'm going to go to him.
What does he admit?
What does it say in the text?
He goes, I believe, help my, what?
My unbelief.
I believe, what helped my unbelief, what sincerity, what honesty that he has in this emission.
Yes, there is nothing wrong to admitting that you're not doing well spiritually.
I try to do that from the pulpit here.
I send myself out there in transparency.
Listen, if you're not doing well spiritually, it's okay to admit that.
In fact, if you admit that, you're going to go to places with God that he's going to show you that's going to be wonderful and beautiful and amazing and powerful.
But you got to admit where you're at.
Like the father did.
This is all part of trust.
God, I don't know if I'm doing so well right now.
I think I have thoughts in my head that really probably aren't godly thoughts.
Lord, I have an attitude that I'm caring and I don't want to, but I do.
That's such a good place for you to be in.
Don't look at it as a negative thing.
You know, if you were to come to me and say, oh, Pastor Chris, I'm just really struggling.
You know, I'm not doing what I should be doing, and the Lord is
really trying to show me some things.
And I thought I'd be further along the journey in my Christian life, but I'm not, you know, I'm going to be like, man, what a great admission.
Because often we think we're going to be judged.
That's why you don't want to admit things to other people.
Because you're afraid that I'm going to get judged.
I don't want to be judged, right?
I have more respect for you if you come up to me and say, you know what?
I'm really in a battle right now.
And I need some help.
Just this past week, somebody was in my office and I was doing some counseling and they were so afraid to admit some things.
I said, there's so much love for you.
There's so much respect towards you right now in this room.
But if you think you got it all together, then you're trusting yourself.
You're never going to be sufficient against spiritual tech.
You're always going to lose those battles.
Admit cynicism.
I remember Lisa years and years ago got to the place in her life, and we've talked about this.
She's testified.
You can talk to her.
I encourage you to talk to her.
It would be a wonderful exchange of truth.
And she was to the point where it's like, you know what?
If this is all there is in this Christian life, I'm out of here.
She got to the place of that.
That's an admission.
Do you know what happened after that?
Wow.
The growth just became exponential.
You see, it was just a lot of duty before, kind of a lot of religion that's very common to be in all of our lives.
And then you get to the place where it's the faith of, we can call it the faith of desperation.
The father's desperate here.
It's going to get to the place where it's the faith of sufficiency.
Jesus, you're my all in all.
I depend on you.
So really, it's duty, then it goes to desperation, then it goes to dependence for those who need to have a D or a letter that starts with the same.
Some people are into that.
Here's a third one I'm gonna give to you.
Trust is an anointed confession, verse 29.
And he says to the disciples who come after the boy was delivered from demon, this demon, and they said, this kind, Jesus said, this kind cannot be driven out by anything but prayer.
Do you know some versions have and fasting?
You might have that in your version there.
Prayer and fasting, here's a confession, this is all prayer.
Prayer is a confession of trust in God.
God, I'm turning to you and I can't do it, but you can.
So anytime we turn to the Lord, we're confessing that He is the Lord.
And I'm not, that He's the one that can do this and I can't.
Didn't you do that when you got born again?
Didn't you make a confession?
You confess your sin, and then you confess Jesus as the Lord, the Savior of your life, in a prayer.
Again, if you haven't done that, I pray that you would do that today.
Let me just show you real quick.
Go to Mark chapter 11.
I'll illustrate this.
Just jump to your right a couple of chapters.
Mark 11, 20, and I'll bring it to a close.
Verse 20, it says, and they pass by in the morning.
They saw the fig tree withered away to its roots.
And Peter remembered and said to him, Rabbi, look, the fig tree that you cursed has withered.
And Jesus answered them, watch this, have faith in God.
In other words, trust God.
Truly, I say to you, whoever says to this mountain be taken up and thrown into the sea and does not doubt in his heart, but believes that what he says will come to pass, it will be done for him.
Therefore, I tell you whatever you ask in prayer,
believe that you have received it and it will be yours.
And whenever you stand praying forgive if you have anything against anyone so that your Father also who is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.
Confession of prayer.
Let's make it, confess your trust to the Lord.
Do it to him.
Let me take you to Matthew chapter 17.
Matthew chapter 17.
And I promise that I'll bring it to a close.
This is so much here that I want to share, and it's tough for time constraints.
But Matthew 17, I promise 14, you'll see the comparison or the cross-reference of what we looked at in Mark's gospel.
And by the way, Mark was the most extensive in his treatment of this story than any of the gospel writers.
But here's Matthew's take.
I think it's interesting.
And when they came to the crowd, a man came up to him and kneeling before him.
Mark didn't say he was kneeling.
But Matthew puts that in there, kneeling before him saying, Lord, have mercy on my son.
For he has seizures and he suffers terribly.
For often he falls into the fire and often in the water.
And I brought him to your disciples and they could not heal him.
And Jesus answered, O faithless and twisted generation, how long am I to be with you?
How long am I to bear with you?
Bring him here to me.
And Jesus rebuked the demon and it came out of him and the boy was healed instantly.
Then the disciples came to Jesus privately and said, why could we not cast it out?
And he said to them, because of your little faith, for truly I say to you, if you have faith like the grain of a mustard seed, you will say to this mountain, move from here to there and it will move and nothing will be impossible for you.
I said this earlier, I'm going to close with this.
It doesn't matter the faith.
If it's small and Jesus is saying this to them, you have the faith.
What happened to them?
Why could they deliver demons before because they did?
We could go back in the gospels and you'll see it.
I could show it to you.
They did it before.
They couldn't do it now.
What happened between then and the present moment in the context?
They were trusting in themselves.
This is what happens to all of us.
There'll be days where you're going to be miracle workers.
Things are going to happen in your life.
You're going to be able to speak things that you didn't think you could speak.
You're going to be able to do things that you're like, wow, that is just not me.
You know, because it's God.
And then it's gonna be like, what happened, Lord?
Why did nothing happen here?
Because you went back to yourself.
We go back to our own flash.
And that's what happened to these disciples.
They couldn't do it.
Confession of prayer.
Let me just give some application here.
Remember, duty, you gotta go from duty to being desperate.
If you're in a desperate spot, that's not a bad place.
You're gonna get to the place of more dependence on the Lord.
Dallas Willard calls duty or religious living.
It's not necessarily a bad thing, but there's more to it.
He calls it the faith of propriety.
This was Job.
Job was living a faith of propriety.
He was doing the right thing.
He was an upright man.
And then all of a sudden his life gets taint.
And so what happens to Job after that?
He goes to desperation, or he recognizes that, you know what?
I'm not doing so well here.
Something's happening.
And he has these exchanges with God over and over again.
Then he eventually gets to the place of deeper relationship.
Job 42 verse five.
Job said this after it was all said and done.
This is wonderful.
Listen, I have heard of you by the hearing of the ear, but now my eye sees you.
This is where Jesus wants all of us.
Sufficient.
How do you get it?
Sufficient against spiritual tech.
Trust God.
Trust Him.
Believe them.
Don't doubt them.
And when you start to doubt them, come back quickly.
Recognize it.
See, you know what?
I'm doubting God.
I'm not going to do that.
It's that you renounced out in your life.
That's what you do.
I'm not going to doubt you.
And you can talk to yourself about this.
Preach yourself.
I mentioned this a couple of weeks ago, but learn how to preach.
Don't rely on me.
Don't rely on Dave Ripper or Dan Lyle or any of the other preachers.
Only.
You got to preach to yourself when we're not around.
And it's you and God alone in the dark night of the soul, then you gotta go, hey, you know what?
I'm not gonna doubt.
I'm gonna trust God here.
And you'll find yourself sufficient against spiritual attack.
Jesus, we love you.
And we thank you, Lord, for your word, your word is precious.
It is alive, it's sharper than any two-edged sword.
It says that about itself, it's inspired of you.
And so we thank you, Lord, help us to always apply the word of God, not just put it in our brain, not just settle in some trivia in our head so that we can brag on how much Bible we know.
Help us, Lord, to always apply the word of God.
I pray, Lord, that you would do this by your spirit and all of us this morning.
We want to be sufficient against spiritual attack, and that comes through believing you, trusting you.
And so we choose to trust you, Lord.
It's an active choice all the way.
We admit that we're not there.
We admit right now that we have
Maybe not believed you or doubted you.
And we've maybe even wandered away from you.
And so we admit that.
And so, oh God, we pray that you'd help us to confess now that we trust you.
We trust you.
And so, Lord, thank you for your word.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Thanks for listening to the Crossway Christian Church's Millford campus sermon podcast.
If you like to plug into the life of our community or have any questions that we might be able to answer, visit our website at crosswayscc.org to connect with us.
Until next time, we can be with you.
May the Lord bless you and keep you.